Get out of me!
Guess I'm out of luck. That's all the killer instinct you have, huh?
Still, I enjoyed that more than I expected.
No, wait! You said you would let me see my mother, right?
Does that mean my mom still actually exists?
Heh-heh, that's a good question. You rejected me, so I'm not telling.
Wait!
Oh, one other thing.
Haumea, Sho, Shinra... and now it looks like one more Pillar is about to be born.
I'm going to go play with them now.
Pillar? You mean, a person who has an Adolla Burst?
The Evangelist has likely also realized that a new Pillar is being born.
The Fire Force or the Evangelist... Which one will obtain the Pillar?
Who the hell are you...?
I've been watching this empire for a very long time.
Pupil response is normal.
Fully conscious, too.
There doesn't seem to be any problem.
What happened to us? I don't remember a thing.
It looks like they were being controlled by someone, all right.
The same as the one who was controlling Shinra?
No, someone different from Shinra.
These guys were the work of that electricity girl.
It looks like the First Pillar took off,
so I released the guys from the 4th.
I have to say, though, the First Pillar did say something interesting.
Something interesting?
That the fifth person with an Adolla Burst was about to be born.
Huh?! What do you mean, Haumea?! Huh, Haumea?!
What's going on? What did you just say... Shut up!
We're scrambling against those Fire Force punks!
"Episode 3: A New Flashpoint"
Someone else with an Adolla Burst is about to be born?
And the Evangelist is aware of this, too?
Yes, sir.
It's not clear if it's true or not, but from what they said,
the Evangelist is gathering those who possess Adolla Bursts,
and is planning to trigger another Great Cataclysm like the one 250 years ago.
We can't exactly take anything the enemy says at face value,
but it's also true that we can't just ignore this.
I'm sorry to have given you so much trouble today, sir.
I will submit a written apology in the next few days.
Don't worry about it. I can overlook something like this.
It's because of you that I got another glimpse of Adolla.
Can I ask you one last thing?
Why do you think you saw Adolla, sir?
I came close to the truth in that great fire. That's probably why.
Thank you for everything you did today.
I'll be going now, then.
Sorry for all the trouble.
Not at all. It's been a while since I've seen my grandfather.
The 6th will continue to work together with all of you.
That crazy girl who connected with me over an Adolla Link...
...and this new bearer of an Adolla Burst she mentioned...
If it turns out to be true, then we have to protect them from the Evangelist.
You really put me out. What would have happened if I hadn't been around?
Yeah. This time, at least, it was my bad.
There's no way Shinra is as agreeable as that!
Huh? I am so agreeable! To everyone who isn't as awful as you, anyway!
Hmph.
Thinking about what the truth is won't help us find it.
Even so, I'm going to save Sho and my mom.
I'm going to protect the fifth Adolla Burst bearer, too.
I'm a hero, after all!
"Fire Defense Agency"
Now that we know what the Evangelist's people are after,
we should bring all the companies together and strike at them!
Now, take it easy, Obi. I've already spoken to each company.
"Fire Defense Agency Chief"
We also had a report of a new Adolla Burst bearer being born.
They're not too quick to believe that.
Haijima in particular is being uncooperative.
The fact remains, the Evangelist is responsible
for bringing about man-made human combustion.
The Adolla Burst itself is still plenty mysterious.
It's not even clear if bringing those who possess them together
can cause another Great Cataclysm.
We can't get every company behind this when there isn't any proof.
It will be too late once it happens.
Absolutely right. That's why I gave you the 8th.
You're free to act as you like at the 8th, the same as you have been.
I've got you covered.
So we cannot bring the entire Special Fire Force together for this.
Very well. The 8th will continue to investigate alone, as always.
Please excuse me.
You've become a lot more reasonable.
You sure you haven't grown up a little?
I'm only more quick to suppress my dissatisfaction and give up than I was before.
I don't consider myself more mature.
Then what do you consider growing up?
The depth and breadth of one's love.
I will never give up on keeping the world safe.
If you'll excuse me...
That's just like you, Obi.
You're right, we can't have any more casualties.
We have to snuff out this fire at the source as soon as possible.
You know that senior that just moved in?
Yeah, sure.
He is so cool, isn't he?
Your taste in guys is as weird as ever.
Huh? That's not true.
Oh yes it is.
I'm telling you, he's cool.
Tell me, don't you think so?
Inca, what's up?
Sorry, I forgot something.
...Again? ...Go on without me!
Such a fragrant aroma...
No doubt about it.
Is it coming, Boss Inca?
That's welcome news.
You're late, Panda and Sancho!
Sorry about that, Boss.
It's because you're such a dawdler, Panda.
The smell is getting stronger.
We're on! Get ready!
I sure hope it's a rich guy's house that catches fire this time!
This is the house. Should be easy to get inside.
Okay, the fire is about to start.
Let's get this underway.
Yeah.
Time to make some money.
Hmm? What's that smell?
F-Fire! There's a fire downstairs!
Having a bit of trouble? It looks like it's already pretty well burning.
Th-Thank goodness you're here! Help me!
I'll get you out of here, if that's what you want.
However, you have to give me your valuables first.
What are you talking about?! Th-There's a fire!
Yeah, so there's no time to agonize over this.
If you want me to help you, hand over everything you have.
Th-There's a pen tray at the bottom of the drawer in that room.
The money is under that!
I'm disabled. Take whatever you want, just hurry up and save me!
Nice!
Whew, you're heavy, you old geezer.
I-I'm saved... Good. We're out of here, you two.
We divide it 20-20-60.
That's no fair.
Sure it is. It's all because of me.
Well, fair point. You're the only one who knows where the fires break out.
That's what's strange, though. How can you tell?
I've never heard of a generation that can predict outbreaks before.
First generations become Infernals through human combustion.
Second generations can manipulate and control flames.
Third generations can ignite their own flames, and alter their force and shape.
But I can't control or produce flames.
I just might be something of an unprecedented fourth generation!
...A fourth generation? ...A fourth generation?
It was that great fire two years ago.
Many lives and many items were lost in that fire.
At the time, I didn't even know why I had been born.
I'd just as soon have spontaneously combusted,
wishing that I could go out in a blaze of glory.
As the flames kept coming into being, more lives were lost.
As I found myself in the middle of that desperate situation,
I had a thought for the first time ever...
"Live!"
Life. As I was surrounded by the heat and terror of the flames...
...I experienced a sense of elation I'd never felt before.
I don't want to die. Gotta get out of here.
Oh, over there...
Huh? Again?
How come?
I can tell... where the flames are going to spread.
The scent becomes a line... and I can see it!
I get it. Where the lines of light are stronger and thicker
is where the burning will come.
This is a piece of cake, then! I can get out of here!
At the time, I had lost an awful lot, but in return, I had gained this power.
But what you're doing is fireground thievery, so...
Or is it fireground mugging?
Nothing is more precious than life! I save their lives;
getting some valuables from them seems like a small price to pay.
But you don't feel like you're alive
unless you're exposing yourself to danger, like fire scenes.
You risk your life, saying you feel a terrific rush in that momentary thrill...
What you might call an adrenaline junkie, right?
Hmm...
I do enjoy danger, to be sure. The more thrilling something is, the more I like it.
...be born...
...danger... like... be born...
The danger you like so much is about to be born.
Something wrong? You suddenly...
What was that? That woman just now seemed incredibly dangerous.
Danger is about to be born?
Nice!
It's almost time.
...Fifth... llar is about... be born...
Scramble.
Not you again!
Okay, we're heading back.
Find us some more work sometime.
Hold on.
What is it?
It's bad!
It's bad, it's bad, it's so bad!
How come...
How come so many fires are breaking out?
Another fire?
What? What do you see?
People are gonna die. Time to make some money!
This whole area is about to become a sea of flame!
The Fireground Thief schoolgirl?
She's famous in the empire.
Apparently, she always gets to a scene before the Fire Soldiers do.
She's been suspected of setting the fires herself,
but the victims have all testified that that's not the case.
But how does she know where the fires are going to be?
Ah, over there.
The next one will be there.
I just got a report of someone who was rescued by a mysterious girl.
This girl is at the scene of the fire we're now heading to.
Hey, does anyone have a conductor's baton?
Given her unusual ability, there's a good chance that she's the Fifth Pillar.
She helps people and takes their valuables from them?
I'm not sure if what she's doing is good or bad.
The Fire Force or the Evangelist... Which one will obtain the Pillar?
If that girl really is the fifth,
I have to make sure that the Evangelist's men don't take her away, like Sho.
I have to secure her, no matter what.
We'll arrive at the scene in a moment.
Everybody, check your equipment. Maki-san, let's use your Owl Eye.
Acknowledged.
Owl Eye online.
I installed an ultra-telephoto camera into her Tekkyo.
Can you see the site?
Oh, that's perfect!
Multiple outbreaks of fires on this scale...
Those Insects may be the cause of this.
Additionally, we'll need to deal with the Evangelist's people.
We don't have enough people on our own.
Putting the Infernals to rest and saving lives is our top priority.
Maki, watch the area from above and give us detailed reports.
Yes, sir.
I'm counting at least eight Infernals at the scene.
One of them is approaching from three o'clock!
Mm-hmm.
I have a separate mission for you two.
Shinra, you search for the schoolgirl and the White-Clad.
Roger!
Arthur, if the plasma-user shows up, deal with her.
Is everyone ready?
Company 8, let's go!
...Yeah! ...Yeah!
So much fire, all at once...
We're gonna earn like crazy!
We should hurry and evacuate.
What are you talking about? This is our chance to make a fortune!
What are you talking about? It's too dangerous.
You may have the ability to read where the flames are going,
but we're just ordinary people.
Oh, right.
Well, I'll just go by myself then.
Don't do it! There are Fire Soldiers there, too!
I'm gonna have it all to myself.
Hold on!
How can I not dive into a thrill like this?
Antenna perked up. Thoughts a-popping.
Here come the whole town's thoughts flowing in!
"Mwa-ha-ha"
"Find you."
"This is a little too much water."
"Spread some more water and bam!"
Found you!
Here goes! Guerilla Radio! Radio Head!
Incoming signals, Charon! Thoughts!
The girl is at the park on top of the hill. Copy that! Moving to secure!
...Yeah! ...Yeah!
This is seriously dangerous!
Let me go! I lived through that huge fire before.
That doesn't mean you'll survive this one, though.
You're the Fifth Pillar, right?
...Wha...? ...Huh? You're Inca, right?
No? Wrong? You're the Fifth Pillar, right?
Tell me, you are, aren't you? Answer me!
I know she's supposed to be here somewhere. This is it, right?
Hey, what do you want?!
B-B-Bro!
My breath... My breathing... My chest...
What's the matter, Inca?
Oh, this? You'll get used to this right away.
Get used to it?
Where is the Fifth Pillar?
Come along. The Evangelist is waiting.
Get used to what? The sea of flames? The smell of freshly-spilled blood?
The quest for even greater danger?
Come with us. We need you.
You... need me...?
Who are you people? Why do you need me?
To achieve the goal of the Evangelist. We're gathering the Pillars
to once again trigger the Great Cataclysm from 250 years ago.
What is that? It's not like the others.
"Start"?
Again... What?
She's found her fire-ignition ability!
Panda, get out of here! I'm the one he's after!
You're not getting away!
Evangelist? Great Cataclysm? Fifth Pillar? What does he mean?
This is a weaker line than the others up to now, but...
Huh?
You can predict even faint heat? That's awesome.
You have nowhere to run. Give up.
Charon-sama... Seize her.
What is it? Do you still see something?
Huh? Do you see something else?
What? Now what is it?
Huh? Do you really see anything?
The hero has arrived!
Are you all right?
The Special Fire Force?!
Do you happen to be the Fifth Pillar? I'm taking you into custody.
Fifth Pillar?! Why is the Special Fire Force after me, too?!
Custody, you say? You can forget that.
Just take it easy and let me handle this, please.
You're Shinra Kusakabe, huh? The Fourth Pillar and the Fifth Pillar...
If I catch you both, it'll be two Pillars with one stone.
...One! ...Charge him!
...Two! ...Charge him!
...Three! ...Charge him!
Four!
...One! ...Overpower him!
...Two! ...Overpower him!
...Three! ...Overpower him!
Four!
You're fast, all right. But...
I'd heard you went up against Sho,
but unless you're receiving the Evangelist's Grace,
you're just a nimble little fire-rat.
Walk!
Charon's gone and gotten started.
Okay, Mister Hero, go ahead and protect Inca-chan.
Because if you don't, we're gonna take her from you.
Come on, fire-rat, run away with those fast feet you're so proud of.
Screw that. There's no way I'm running from you, you bombshell gorilla.
"To be continued"
"Fire Force, Season 2"
"Next time"
The fire spreads throughout the town. Multitudes of Infernals appear.
As the full force of the 8th opposes the White-Clad's plans,
another demon Infernal turns up? Oh, no! We need more people!
Fire Soldiers like their bothersome rope play, don't they?
"Episode 4: Groping Through the Fire"
Next time on Fire Force, Season 2, episode 4, "Groping Through the Fire."
Return to the great flame of fire. Látom.
Subtitles Diego Moraes(oakislandtk) www.opensubtitles.org